abuse/index.md, before:

---
title: Basecamp Restricted Use Policy
description: It is not okay to use Basecamp products for these restricted purposes.
---

# Use Restrictions

_Last updated: January 19, 2021_

Hundreds of thousands of teams use Basecamp products\*. We are proud to give them a better way to work. We also recognize that however good the maker’s intentions, technology can amplify the ability to cause great harm. That’s why we’ve established this policy. We feel an ethical obligation to counter such harm: both in terms of dealing with instances where Basecamp is used (and abused) to further such harm, and to state unequivocally that Basecamp is not a safe haven for people who wish to commit such harm. If you have an account with any of our products, you can’t use them for any of the restricted purposes listed below. If we find out you are, [we will take action](how-we-handle/index.md).

## Restricted purposes

- **Violence, or threats thereof**: If an activity qualifies as violent crime in the United States or where you live, you may not use Basecamp products to plan, perpetrate, or threaten that activity.
- **Child exploitation, sexualization, or abuse**: We don’t tolerate any activities that create, disseminate, or otherwise cause child abuse. Keep away and stop. Just stop.
- **Doxing**: If you are using Basecamp products to share other peoples’ private personal information for the purposes of harassment, we don’t want anything to do with you.
- **Malware or spyware**: Code for good, not evil. If you are using our products to make or distribute anything that qualifies as malware or spyware — including remote user surveillance — begone.
- **Phishing or otherwise attempting fraud**: It is not okay to lie about who you are or who you affiliate with to steal from, extort, or otherwise harm others.
- **Spamming**: No one wants unsolicited commercial emails. We don’t tolerate folks (including their bots) using Basecamp products for spamming purposes. If your emails don’t pass muster with [CAN-SPAM](https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/can-spam-act-compliance-guide-business) or any other anti-spam law, it’s not allowed.
- **Cybersquatting**: We don’t like username extortionists. If you purchase a Basecamp product account in someone else’s name and then try to sell that account to them, you are [cybersquatting](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/15/1125). Cybersquatting accounts are subject to immediate cancelation.
- **Infringing on intellectual property**: You can’t use Basecamp products to make or disseminate work that uses the intellectual property of others beyond the bounds of [fair use](https://www.copyright.gov/fair-use/more-info.html).

While our use restrictions are comprehensive, they can’t be exhaustive — it’s possible an offense could defy categorization, present for the first time, or illuminate a moral quandary we hadn’t yet considered. That said, we hope the overarching spirit is clear: Basecamp is not to be harnessed for harm, whether mental, physical, personal or civic. Different points of view — philosophical, religious, and political — are welcome, but ideologies like white nationalism, or hate-fueled movements anchored by oppression, violence, abuse, extermination, or domination of one group over another, will not be accepted here.

## How to report abuse

For cases of suspected malware, spyware, phishing, spamming, and cybersquatting, please alert us at [amaury@reacher.email](mailto:amaury@reacher.email).

For all other cases, please let us know by emailing [amaury@reacher.email](mailto:amaury@reacher.email). If you’re not 100% sure if something rises to the level of our use restrictions policy, report it anyway.

Please share as much as you are comfortable with about the account, the content or behavior you are reporting, and how you found it. Sending us a URL or screenshots is super helpful. If you need a secure file transfer, let us know and we will send you a link. We will not disclose your identity to anyone associated with the reported account. For copyright cases, we've outlined extra instructions on [how to notify us about infringement claims](../copyright/index.md).

Someone on our team will respond within one business day to let you know we’ve begun investigating. We have published details on [how we investigate use restriction reports](how-we-handle/index.md). We will also let you know the outcome of our investigation (unless you ask us not to, or we are not allowed to under law).

\*_This policy and process applies to any product created and owned by PROXIMA B SASU. That includes Basecamp (any version), HEY, Highrise, Campfire, Backpack, Writeboard, and Ta-da List._

Commit message:

Remove all instances of Basecamp mentions (#5)
* Remove useless stuff

* remove all basecamp stuff

* Add commercial license

* remove todo

* change variable name

* backticks

* Don't use linsk

* Add email

* typo

* Add image

* MK image

* 100x100

abuse/index.md, after:

---
title: Reacher Restricted Use Policy
description: It is not okay to use Reacher products for these restricted purposes.
---

# Use Restrictions

_Last updated: March 21, 2021_

Hundreds of teams use Reacher products\*. We are proud to give them a better way to work. We also recognize that however good the maker’s intentions, technology can amplify the ability to cause great harm. That’s why we’ve established this policy. We feel an ethical obligation to counter such harm: both in terms of dealing with instances where Reacher is used (and abused) to further such harm, and to state unequivocally that Reacher is not a safe haven for people who wish to commit such harm. If you have an account with any of our products, you can’t use them for any of the restricted purposes listed below. If we find out you are, [we will take action](how-we-handle/index.md).

## Restricted purposes

- **Violence, or threats thereof**: If an activity qualifies as violent crime in the United States or where you live, you may not use Reacher products to plan, perpetrate, or threaten that activity.
- **Child exploitation, sexualization, or abuse**: We don’t tolerate any activities that create, disseminate, or otherwise cause child abuse. Keep away and stop. Just stop.
- **Doxing**: If you are using Reacher products to share other peoples’ private personal information for the purposes of harassment, we don’t want anything to do with you.
- **Malware or spyware**: Code for good, not evil. If you are using our products to make or distribute anything that qualifies as malware or spyware — including remote user surveillance — begone.
- **Phishing or otherwise attempting fraud**: It is not okay to lie about who you are or who you affiliate with to steal from, extort, or otherwise harm others.
- **Spamming**: No one wants unsolicited commercial emails. We don’t tolerate folks (including their bots) using Reacher products for spamming purposes. If your emails don’t pass muster with [CAN-SPAM](https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/can-spam-act-compliance-guide-business) or any other anti-spam law, it’s not allowed.
- **Cybersquatting**: We don’t like username extortionists. If you purchase a Reacher product account in someone else’s name and then try to sell that account to them, you are [cybersquatting](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/15/1125). Cybersquatting accounts are subject to immediate cancelation.
- **Infringing on intellectual property**: You can’t use Reacher products to make or disseminate work that uses the intellectual property of others beyond the bounds of [fair use](https://www.copyright.gov/fair-use/more-info.html).

While our use restrictions are comprehensive, they can’t be exhaustive — it’s possible an offense could defy categorization, present for the first time, or illuminate a moral quandary we hadn’t yet considered. That said, we hope the overarching spirit is clear: Reacher is not to be harnessed for harm, whether mental, physical, personal or civic. Different points of view — philosophical, religious, and political — are welcome, but ideologies like white nationalism, or hate-fueled movements anchored by oppression, violence, abuse, extermination, or domination of one group over another, will not be accepted here.

## How to report abuse

For cases of suspected malware, spyware, phishing, spamming, and cybersquatting, please alert us at [amaury@reacher.email](mailto:amaury@reacher.email).

For all other cases, please let us know by emailing [amaury@reacher.email](mailto:amaury@reacher.email). If you’re not 100% sure if something rises to the level of our use restrictions policy, report it anyway.

Please share as much as you are comfortable with about the account, the content or behavior you are reporting, and how you found it. Sending us a URL or screenshots is super helpful. If you need a secure file transfer, let us know and we will send you a link. We will not disclose your identity to anyone associated with the reported account. For copyright cases, we've outlined extra instructions on [how to notify us about infringement claims](../copyright/index.md).

Someone on our team will respond within one business day to let you know we’ve begun investigating. We have published details on [how we investigate use restriction reports](how-we-handle/index.md). We will also let you know the outcome of our investigation (unless you ask us not to, or we are not allowed to under law).

\*_This policy and process applies to any version of Reacher._
