copyright/index.md, before:

---
title: Copy that?
description: How Basecamp handles copyright infringement claims.
---

# Copyright Infringement Claims

## Notification of Copyright Infringement Claims

Making original work is hard! As described in our [Use Restrictions policy](../abuse/index.md), you can’t use Basecamp products\* to make or disseminate work that uses the intellectual property of others beyond the bounds of [fair use](https://www.copyright.gov/fair-use/more-info.html).

Are you a copyright owner? Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512), you have the right to notify us (PROXIMA B SASU) if you believe that an account user of any product we built and maintain has infringed on your work(s) as copyright owner. To be effective, the notification of claimed infringement must be written. Please include the following information:

- A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
- Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed. If there are multiple, please share a representative list of those works.
- A way for us to locate the material you believe is infringing the copyrighted work.
- Your name and contact information so that we can get back to you. Email address is preferred but a telephone number or mailing address works too.
- A statement that you, in good faith, believe that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
- A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

## Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DCMA”) Counter-notifications

On the flip-side, if you believe your material has been removed in error, you can file a written counter-notification. Please include the following information:

- A physical or electronic signature, or the signature of the person authorized to act on your behalf.
- A description of the material that was removed.
- A description of where the material appeared in Basecamp products prior to their removal.
- Your name and contact information so that we can get back to you. Email address is preferred but a telephone number or mailing address works too.
- A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification.
- A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, in the Northern District of Illinois (where Basecamp is located).
- A statement that you will accept service of process from the person who filed the original DMCA notice or an agent of that person. (In other words, you’ve designated that person to receive documents on your behalf.)

## Where to Send Notices

You can notify us of either copyright infringement claims or DCMA counter-notifications through either of the following channels:

**By email**: [amaury@reacher.email](mailto:amaury@reacher.email)

\*_This policy and process applies to any product created and owned by PROXIMA B SASU. That includes Basecamp (any version), HEY, Highrise, Campfire, Backpack, Writeboard, and Ta-da List._

Commit message:

Remove all instances of Basecamp mentions (#5)
* Remove useless stuff

* remove all basecamp stuff

* Add commercial license

* remove todo

* change variable name

* backticks

* Don't use linsk

* Add email

* typo

* Add image

* MK image

* 100x100

copyright/index.md, after:

---
title: Copy that?
description: How Reacher handles copyright infringement claims.
---

# Copyright Infringement Claims

## Notification of Copyright Infringement Claims

Making original work is hard! As described in our [Use Restrictions policy](../abuse/index.md), you can’t use Reacher products\* to make or disseminate work that uses the intellectual property of others beyond the bounds of [fair use](https://www.copyright.gov/fair-use/more-info.html).

Are you a copyright owner? Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512), you have the right to notify us (PROXIMA B SASU) if you believe that an account user of any product we built and maintain has infringed on your work(s) as copyright owner. To be effective, the notification of claimed infringement must be written. Please include the following information:

- A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
- Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed. If there are multiple, please share a representative list of those works.
- A way for us to locate the material you believe is infringing the copyrighted work.
- Your name and contact information so that we can get back to you. Email address is preferred but a telephone number or mailing address works too.
- A statement that you, in good faith, believe that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
- A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

## Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DCMA”) Counter-notifications

On the flip-side, if you believe your material has been removed in error, you can file a written counter-notification. Please include the following information:

- A physical or electronic signature, or the signature of the person authorized to act on your behalf.
- A description of the material that was removed.
- A description of where the material appeared in Reacher products prior to their removal.
- Your name and contact information so that we can get back to you. Email address is preferred but a telephone number or mailing address works too.
- A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification.
- A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, in the Northern District of Illinois (where Reacher is located).
- A statement that you will accept service of process from the person who filed the original DMCA notice or an agent of that person. (In other words, you’ve designated that person to receive documents on your behalf.)

## Where to Send Notices

You can notify us of either copyright infringement claims or DCMA counter-notifications through either of the following channels:

**By email**: [amaury@reacher.email](mailto:amaury@reacher.email)

\*_This policy and process applies to any version of Reacher._
